React intro lesson improvements (#22408)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/react-js/react-introduction.md

React is one of the most powerful, widely used frontend frameworks.

> The landscape for frontend frameworks has been changing a lot over the last few years, so it is understandable to be scared of going for the "wrong" one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The landscape for frontend frameworks has been changing a lot over the last few years, so it is understandable to be worried about choosing the "wrong" one.
```

This is just my opinion to avoid that term altogether and still convey the point.

[This article](https://stackoverflow.blog/2018/01/11/brutal-lifecycle-javascript-frameworks/) shows the recent development of frontend frameworks well. Once you start diving deeper into a framework, you will begin to love it. It makes your code easily scalable, more readable, and possibly a thousand times more efficient (just our modest estimation).

Just to name a few reasons on why to learn React.js:

- Reusability of components
- Well supported due to its popularity

> - React is unopinionated, which means that it won't force you to follow any specific patterns or logic. It's all up to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- React is not opinionated, which means that it won't force you to follow any specific design patterns, project organizational structure, or logic. It's all up to you.
```

### Components

Applications built with React are made with (reusable) components. Components are your "building blocks." To gain confidence using React, you should learn to divide your application or project into these separate components. The following picture gives you an idea of how to do that with a very basic app.

![Simple Homepage](https://i.imgur.com/kNZibRn.png)

For example, this simple website could be divided into the following components:

- `App`, which represents your main application and will be the parent of all other components. This would be the larger box surrounding the smaller ones.
- `Navbar`, which will be the navigation bar.
- `MainArticle`, which will be the component that renders your main content.
- `NewsletterForm`, which is a simple form that lets a user input their email to receive the weekly newsletter.

> In React, each component is defined in an ES6 (ECMAScript 2015) module. ES6 introduced the `import` statement which allows you to import code from one module into another module. This allows us to write each component in a separate file and import all components to the parent component like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In React, each component is defined in an ES6 (ECMAScript 2015) module. ES6 introduced the `import` statement which allows you to import code from one module into another module. This allows us to write each component in a separate file and import all components into the parent component like so:
```

Minor change 'to' => 'into'.

export default App
~~~

> Does the code look foreign? Don't worry, it isn't as difficult as it looks. Let's walk through it step by step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Does the code look foreign? Don't worry, it isn't as complicated as it looks. Let's walk through it step by step.
```

I think complicated (or complex) would probably be more suitable? I understand the original intent, but I wonder if my suggestion would be the more common interpretation of the code.

}
~~~

> Secondly, we are declaring the class component App. We do this by extending the React class Component, which we imported at the top of the file. In doing this, we are essentially "Reactifying" our App component by giving it all of the fun methods and properties every react component should have. One thing to notice is that React components, like all classes and factory functions, should always be declared with a capital letter at the beginning ([PascalCase](https://techterms.com/definition/pascalcase)). This is a naming convention used by most developers and recommended by the React core team at Facebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secondly, we are declaring the class component, `App`. We do this by extending the React class Component, which we imported at the top of the file. In doing this, we are essentially "Reactifying" our App component by giving it all of the fun methods and properties every React component should have. One thing to notice is that React components, like all classes and factory functions, should always be declared with a capital letter at the beginning ([PascalCase](https://techterms.com/definition/pascalcase)). This is a naming convention used by most developers and recommended by the React core team at Facebook.
```

Enclosed App in tildes such that it's emphasized in the same way a one line of code would be.
react => React for consistency

}
~~~

> The most unfamiliar code is likely the `render()` function, which returns something that looks like HTML, but is actually **JSX**. JSX is an HTML-like syntax that is "transpiled" (or converted) into JavaScript so a browser is able to process it. One of the primary characteristics and features of React is the ability to combine JavaScript and JSX. One thing you should know about JSX is that you can't use some JavaScript protected words as html attributes anymore, such as `class`, `onchange`, or `for`. Instead of `class` you will need to use `className`, instead of `onchange` you write `onChange`, and instead of `for`, you must use ... wait for it ... `htmlFor`. All attributes in JSX are written in camelCase and some have their names changed completely to avoid the transpiler getting too confused about whether you're assigning a label `for` an input, or instantiating a `for` loop. You should be fairly familiar with the camelCase naming convention from the naming of variables in JavaScript.

Reviewer: Looks good.

render() {
    return (
        <div>
            <h1>Hello world</h1>
            <h2>Welcome to my React page!</h2>
        </div>
    )
}
```

Finally, to be able to reuse this `App` component we created in other files of our project, we have to export the component. In our example, we export the component as the file's default export:

~~~javascript
export default App;
~~~

If you have multiple components in one file, you could export each component separately by adding the `export` keyword before the declaration of the component, or you could export them all at once using this syntax:

```javascript
export {
    ComponentA,
    ComponentB,
    ComponentC
}
```

However, when you import them, they will each need to be wrapped in curly braces. If you export a component as a default, you can import it without the curly braces. If you export multiple components, you have to import them inside of curly brackets.

If you're confused about this, take a minute to read up a little bit on ES6 [imports](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) and [exports](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/web/javascript/reference/statements/export).

> So far, so good! We have already learned a lot about components in React. Using class components is one of two ways of defining components in react. The other, more modern, approach is to define the component as a function (like a factory function).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far, so good! We have already learned a lot about components in React. Using class components is one of two ways of defining components in React. The other, more modern, approach is to define the component as a function (like a factory function).
```
small change 
react => React
